You stinky village girl
We Shanshan, that is a thousand calamities that have fallen from the capital of God
Only he can give me glory and wealth
Give me everything I want
He is the eldest lady of the Royal Capital Luo family
Did Luo Yingxue see it?
These gifts
But they were all given to Shanshan by the four major families in Zhongzhou
Birth gift
Worth tens of billions
How about you?
Come to our Yang family for 6 years
Did you make us a penny?
husband
What are you doing with this stinky humming?
Can he compare to me?
Sorry wife
I shouldn't have compared him to you
Are you sure you are the eldest lady of the Luo family?
These gifts are for you.
Wei Yunxue, you stink
Dare to question our identity as Shanshan
Isn't he you?
Forward
You hit me repeatedly for this woman
In your heart
What is it?
Our money for so many years
It's all fake.
You are not just a fertility tool for me
Fertility tools
That's right, fertility tools
Not allowed
Since you can't have children
Just sign this and get out
Haha Yang Qingfeng
6 years
Wrong payment for 6 years of relationship
I have been a cow and a horse in your Yang family for 6 years
In exchange for a divorce agreement